README.md, before:

# mediaframework api controller
The first controller supporting the API with documentation

## Environment and running

Follow precedence of MF, .sh environment files can be used to export environment properties

Command to start the application

```./dev-env.sh node app.js```

## Testing and running

Take note of the integration-tests, they require configuration.

Command to run all the tests

```mocha --recursive test```

## Swagger & UI

The swagger interface for exploring the REST api can be found [host]:[port]/rest-docs

The JSON document lives at [host]:[port]/api-docs.json

## Building a UWP client from Swagger Open Api standards

The project includes the codegen cli tool required, below is the command required.

```bash
java -jar swagger-codegen-cli-2.2.3.jar generate -c uwp_config.json -i http://localhost:3000/api-docs.json -l csharp -o dist/uwp_api_client_<version>
```

Building from deployed environment requires an adjustment of the URL.

### Building from deployed environment

```bash
java -jar swagger-codegen-cli-2.2.3.jar generate -c uwp_config.json -i <host:port>/api-docs.json -l csharp -o dist/uwp_api_client_<version>
java -jar swagger-codegen-cli-2.2.3.jar generate -c uwp_config.json -i http://dev-uos-mf-api.eu-west-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/api-docs.json -l csharp -o dist/uwp_api_client_0.0.2rc1
```

## TODO Building a nodejs client

1. Develop the command
2. Use in the test environment for testing the REST interface application.

## Async API

The async API documentation can be found [host]:[port]/ws-docs

How to build documentation

### Prerequisite  

install npm install -g asyncapi-docgen

(Caveat - requires node 7.6.x+, this conflicts with our current nodejs version. [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) or any nodejs installation manager can be used to easily toggle versions for using this tool)

Warning: If you wish to include the version in the generated results, alter below command.

We can improve our approach here.

```bash
asyncapi-docgen ./async-websocket-api.yaml ./async-websocket-api-docs

```

Commit message:

Update to use schemas defined outside the project for maximum reusability.

README.md, after:

# mediaframework api controller
The first controller supporting the API with documentation

## Environment and running

Follow precedence of MF, .sh environment files can be used to export environment properties

Command to start the application

```./dev-env.sh node app.js```

## Testing and running

Take note of the integration-tests, they require configuration.

Command to run all the tests

```mocha --recursive test```

## Create mongoose schema objects to be included as definitions

TODO improvements required
1. Review turning this into a CLI tool
2. Make this tool more reusable
3. Complete all schema in and out files for loading in app.js
4. Review making this a non manual process
5. Move the schemas to their own library

Using the tool wrapped in a script, we can generate the required definitions as separate files.

These are then included within app.js

```bash
node tools/convert-mongoose-schemas-to-swagger.js
```

## Swagger & UI

The swagger interface for exploring the REST api can be found [host]:[port]/rest-docs

The JSON document lives at [host]:[port]/api-docs.json

## Building a UWP client from Swagger Open Api standards

The project includes the codegen cli tool required, below is the command required.

```bash
java -jar swagger-codegen-cli-2.2.3.jar generate -c uwp_config.json -i http://localhost:3000/api-docs.json -l csharp -o dist/uwp_api_client_<version>
```

Building from deployed environment requires an adjustment of the URL.

### Building from deployed environment

```bash
java -jar swagger-codegen-cli-2.2.3.jar generate -c uwp_config.json -i <host:port>/api-docs.json -l csharp -o dist/uwp_api_client_<version>
java -jar swagger-codegen-cli-2.2.3.jar generate -c uwp_config.json -i http://dev-uos-mf-api.eu-west-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/api-docs.json -l csharp -o dist/uwp_api_client_0.0.2rc1
```

## TODO Building a nodejs client

1. Develop the command
2. Use in the test environment for testing the REST interface application.

## Async API

The async API documentation can be found [host]:[port]/ws-docs

How to build documentation

### Prerequisite  

install npm install -g asyncapi-docgen

(Caveat - requires node 7.6.x+, this conflicts with our current nodejs version. [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm) or any nodejs installation manager can be used to easily toggle versions for using this tool)

Warning: If you wish to include the version in the generated results, alter below command.

We can improve our approach here.

```bash
asyncapi-docgen ./async-websocket-api.yaml ./async-websocket-api-docs

```
